Draft version of design agreements summary (#67)
Framework-R-D/dune-framework-design: doc/appendices/glossary.rst

        All other layers in the hierarchy are defined by the combination of the configuration of the framework job and the layers defined in the input data.
        In *art*, the data-layer hierarchy is `Run`\ -\ `Subrun`\ -\ `Event`.

    Computational graph

>          The portion of the workflow graph that performs the computatoins of the reconstruction or simulation job.

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
         The portion of the workflow graph that performs the user-facing computations of the framework job.
```
